this is great for quick access at the
field or if you want to swap out motors
on the Dino you don't have to seesaw
everything and re-sod everything so
these little Bowl of connectors I'm sure
what does that do but we're going to
share by how we do it here it's a simple
and we're going to actually shake the
pulse editor and Adam how to make that
setup so first step what we do we take a
first remove these off our working area
and put these in a safe place and don't
drop them because they're sometimes
they're really hard to find first what
we do here we take our pick a piece of
scrap piece of 2x4 it's a simple scrap
piece of wood actions one season has a
big nail in it but what we're going to
do we're going to drill six holes or as
many holes as you want to do we're going
to drill our holes in here and then what
we're going to do we're going to slide
these into the holes as our little mini
holders and we use wood because it's not
how its non conductive of heat it
doesn't get anything high around it you
can use anything that's a holder you can
use a vise grip you can use lock pliers
you can use I've seen it all being used
and I've actually used them all but I
found the wood works the best okay first
we're going to do is grab our drill and
our drill bit
there's drill but we're using here is a
eleven sixty fourths size and you can
see we have one starter hole here and
that that little the bullet connector
fits perfectly in that little hole not
too large not too small holds it nice
also you don't want to go that you don't
want too deep because you don't want to
go fall through or too large and they'll
fall through and then it kind of defeats
the purpose of this little little jig
here so what we're going to do we're
going to mark about every two inches
we're gonna mark a hole and drill six
holes right here hopefully this part
will be in fast motion so you got the
block control six holes
you
female on this side and the three male
on this side
okay okay well our soldering iron heats
up I'll just show you what we use here
we have an old old old 40 watt welders
soldering iron this thing is probably 15
years old I suppose and then what I
think is the most important part is dis
otter we use simply just use a Radio
Shack
sixty-forty rosin core solder it's this
one is a point zero three two diameter
it works seems to work the best of all
the solder is I've used and this one
works absolutely great so if I recommend
a solder this is the one I would use I'm
sure there are hundreds of others that
work out there but this is the one we
use right here well so what we're going
to do is we're going to take the hot the
heat and we're going to heat up the
outside of the bullet connector here and
what that's going to do it's going to
basically heat this whole area up and
then we're going to fill the little cup
if you will up with solder again we'll
put our heat on there let it get nice
and hot I'll try to let this one see
here
this is be tough for the camera can see
here but you get the idea we're going to
feather sucker up
and solder pipe right we're stopping too
much last time fill it with solder a
nice little bowl of solder right there
we have simply take our wire any wire
we'll take the black one this time
whichever comes into the surface first
alright yellow so we'll take their
yellow wire put it into the hole right
here take your heat away let it cool
okay for the last below connect here
again we're going to put our heat source
on there let it sit there for a couple
seconds let nice and get nice and hot
and then you start filling it up a
solder it's got our tough here so the
camera can get the view here
okay fill it with cider get your laughs
wire up Blackwell right there and you
simply just you just get it in a little
look at the hot melting cider take your
source heat source away okay the
shrink-wrap it comes in plenty of sizes
plenty of shapes plenty colors plenty of
lens so what you needed here we have the
shrink wrap right here it actually fits
over the joint right there and once you
put the heat to it it double strength
down to size
so what I want to do here I want to take
a sharp sharp razor brand-new from the
package cut myself three sizes about
yellow and that yeah is probably about
an inch place your heat shrink over the
bullet connector and what I like to do
is like to stop it just below the
springs and also what you need to do
when your cut like I didn't do here is
you make sure your lines are your cuts
which are square if you have them off
you're going to have definitely have
some exposure so if you have a square
side always keep that up and the bottom
side you could be off a little bit so
what I like to do is make sure it's
right up to the top or right below the
springs and we'll get the other two on
here and here's our big log one I'll let
you look what that one looks like this
is actually gonna call most cover the
whole wire here this one's a little
painting it on to okay so right below
the springs we have all three and now
it's time to get our heat gun we have a
heat gun I'm sure you can use a lighter
you can use just about anything what you
can do but I would recommend is wait for
the wires and the bullet characters to
cool down after your solder them because
if you put them on too quick and it's
not in perfect position it will
definitely will shrink on you and then
you have a heat shrink that's a boy
stuck on the on the wire which is pain
if you get it cut it off and basically
redo the sugar up so what we have here
we just have our shrink wrap exactly
where I left the earlier this part is
really simple
you just leave it on and like you just
hold it hold it down make sure doesn't
go anywhere with the wind but turn the
heat on
give it a little curl around to the
other side
and wallah we are done with our motor
there is our motor there are bullet
connectors it took us probably what
about five minutes to do that and it's a
professional look and we also made their
little jig okay we have the speed
control all done shrink-wrapped soldered
on ready to go and for the strength for
the speed controller I like to if you
can see here I like to keep the the
shrink-wrap all the way to the very tip
because what happens you don't leave an
idea these is to keep the gold
connectors not to touch the shrinkage so
if you have a tux you can short that out
but so I like to keep mine extra-long
and sometimes I if you can see here I'd
even like overhang them and what you do
you simply just get them all together
and you just plug them in and I'd the
best way to do it the best the you know
you had a good job you have minimal or
no no gap like that one right there but
here you go you have your three
controller and your motor all hooked up
ready to go
the best part is when you're looking at
your motor up and don't know which way
to hooks up you simply unplug any of
them you plug them back in and you're
done